Add documentation for how to administer Read the Docs for documentation and update Plone Sphinx Theme configuration (#1667)
plone/documentation: docs/contributing/documentation/admins.md

    You might need to adjust the branch name, paths, and files to check for changes.

### Read the Docs administration

After logging in to your Read the Docs account, you can import your project.

1.  Click {guilabel}`Add project`.
1.  For {guilabel}`Repository name`, enter the GitHub organization, a forward slash, and the repository to import, for example, `plone/volto`.
1.  Click {guilabel}`Continue`.
1.  In the {guilabel}`Add project` screen, you can configure basic project settings, including its {guilabel}`Name`, {guilabel}`Repository URL`, {guilabel}`Default branch`, and {guilabel}`Language`.
    The defaults are usually accurate.
1.  Click {guilabel}`Next`.
1.  A sample `.readthedocs.yaml` file is suggested, if you have not already added one.
1.  Click {guilabel}`Finish`.
    Read the Docs will redirect you to the project details, and start building the docs.

For most Plone projects, you will not want to Read the Docs to publish the `latest` or other specific versions.

> Plone projects currently self-host their official documentation.

Reviewer: Sorry, I do not get exactly what this two lines are supposed to tell me.

Author: We already have a public version that gets indexed by search engines. We don't want that for pull request previews. I also realized this section was kind of incomplete in regards to activating and hiding versions. Here's a revision.

````suggestion
Many Plone projects currently self-host their official documentation at {doc}`/index`.
These projects get indexed by search engines.

For pull request previews, unsupported branches or versions, or other situations, you most likely do not want search engines to index your documentation.
In this case, you can create a custom {file}`robots.txt` file to discourage, but not absolutely prevent, search engine indexing.
You can configure Sphinx to copy the {file}`robots.txt` file.
However, if you want to have two versions of a {file}`robots.txt` file—say one that allows indexing of your official documentation and another that discourages indexing—you can configuration your automation to copy it into place.

```shell
cp some-path/block-robots.txt docs-root-path/robots.txt
```

You can also configure which branches to activate or hide through Read the Docs.

```{seealso}
-   [`robots.txt` support](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/reference/robots.html)
-   [Automation rules](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/automation-rules.html)
-   [Versions](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/versions.html)
-   [Managing versions automatically](https://docs.readthedocs.io/en/stable/guides/automation-rules.html)
```
````

Author: @jensens I revised this section and improved the flow. Please let me know.
